Remove live/readi - ness probes from values.yaml (#400)
distributed-technologies/helm-charts: charts/tenant-base/docs/deployment.md

The readiness probe is used to determine if the container is ready to respond to requests.

> We've decided that we want to have a standard way for all users to talk to the liveness and readiness probe, this is a HTTP endpoint `/healthz` on port 9898.
> This endpoint has to be exposed by the users application.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can just write and remove the text at line 58?
```suggestion
This chart configures liveness and readiness probes to check a HTTP endpoint on port `9898`. The endpoint is expected to return with a `200` HTTP code at `/healthz` if the application is ready and healthy.
```
